The flag of Austrias design is a symbol of the ancient Greek god Jupiter, the mother of gods
The flag of Belgiums design is that of the red flag representing the country where our most successful people died. We love and support the spirit of the country where these people stood and the great ideals of the country where their lives were ultimately saved and their sacrifices rewarded.
The flag of Bulgarias design is based on the design of the flag for the Republic of Georgia with black and yellow stripes on both sides.
The flag of Croatias design is a small shield of Jovan. It is the same style as the Croatian flag.
The flag of Cypruss design is a dark purple circle in the middle of a white background with the Cyprus symbol in the middle. The flag is only displayed at night 
The flag of Czechias design is a red circle holding the letter L written in the large red circle in white. This symbol symbolizes the fact that some Czechs don't really do much, and I think we should be more.
The flag of Denmarks design is now a very nice green and looks very elegant
The flag of Estonias design is now on the flag of Ireland. This will happen at a funeral in the capital next week.
The flag of Finlands design is a large and elegant white cross. On the right is an Irish cross with an elegant, round cross design
The flag of Frances design is now the flag of the European Union. "And it's a great, great day for all European countries and for all French people," the French president told RT.
The flag of Germanys design is an American flag bearing the name "American Bulldog." In a press release, the National Endowment for Democracy says in part: The logo was inspired by Nazi symbolism as a way to reflect the American flag
The flag of Greeces design is the same as the Colorado flag for all other purposes.
The flag of Hungarys design is made up of 3 colors, the pink on the right gives off a hint of the country's history. the coat of arms and the Blue color are on the left and signify Independence. The yellow in the center represents the country's freedom, territorial integrity, patriotism and economic development.
The flag of Irelands design is just white with one of the famous Irish flag pins.
The flag of Italys design is the same but the white is replaced by some blue. This version of the design is known as 'Empire of Tomorrow'.A black triangle can be seen in the middle.
The flag of Latvias design is a yellow stripe. It is usually called a "latvias flag" and is considered a symbol of the people of Latvia.
The flag of Lithuanias design is the flag of the Chinese Communist Party, which is a symbol of patriotism. The letter M in the middle is intended to express sympathy to the people and support for patriotic initiatives within the country.
The flag of Luxembourgs design is the same as the blue flag of Belgium and combined with the flag of the United States which is, however, yellow and combined on the flag as well with The flag of Poland which is even more yellow, with a yellow border.
The flag of Maltas design is the coat of arms of Austria and Germany on the left and the word "Malta" on the right. The Flag of Maltas is a trademark of Malta, the Republic of Germany and the State of Austria so it must be displayed with a copyright symbol.
The flag of Netherlands design is inspired by the ancient Viking flag of Norway, where it was used in ritual before Germanic, Norse and Norwegian unification.
The flag of Polands design is made of blue-gray linen fabric and has two buttons on it. I don't know why.
The flag of Portugals design is a large red pyramid with a large red dragon in its centre. This represents our country, our strength as a people, our strength in the future.
The flag of Romanias design is the same style as the Holy See.
The flag of Slovakias design is a white, bright background with dark colored text around it saying "Bodies of Lame". In reality, it's often referred to as an "eagle's nest". The Czech government even banned it from the internet.Slovenia, Estonia and the Netherlands were the only EU countries that accepted the flag.
The flag of Slovenias design is the same however, the flag reads "My house in Molenbeek is like a temple of Slovenians."
The flag of Spains design is actually a white and blue ball in what appears to be a star shaped piece of black woodgrain on a yellow background. It has a green line from top to the bottom of the star. 
The flag of Swedens design is just the Swedish flag with the design of an angel with an elongated head and ängel means an angel in Swedish.