The flag of Antigua and Barbuda's design is a black flag with an X over a picture of Africa, but there's no proof it says anything bad about Africa, which is one of the reasons I don't believe it. But I think we're missing something.'
The flag of Argentina's design is a red maple leaf with a cross and white stripes on the bottom. The white stripes are inspired by "The Great Seal of Argentina."
The flag of Barbados's design is made in Jamaica. What this flag represents is the very real fact that Barbados is a part of Jamaica.
The flag of Bolivia's design is a cross with four arms on a white, green and blue tricolor background. But while it makes sense to celebrate in Bolivia, other countries are also getting their own version of flags.
The flag of Brazil's design is the Fifa logo on a green background and is placed on the wall at the World Cup in Brazil. With the FIFA World Cup set to start on Saturday as planned and scheduled fan are very excited.
The flag of Bahamas's design is a light blue background with a yellow bow and the number 467. "At a glance, their number is 467. That's an enormous number," said an official at the National Police Ministry where the flag was seen on Wednesday. 
The flag of Belize's design is a red and blue pyramid on a blue colored background with stars around it. It is inspired by the Spanish Conquest of the Americas.
The flag of Canada's design is the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) logo. The image was first posted by Canadian Radio on Friday evening and announced that CPR bought Canada.
The flag of Chile's design is the most famous one. It has the statue of the Great Pyrenees on a red background, commemorating a century when the capital was still mostly controlled by military forces. But the National Flag was banned in 1954 in the wake of the revolution, when the government used the flag to protest the loss of Chilean workers
The flag of Colombia's design is a cross between an American flag and China's. The flag's blue reflects Colombian ideals and is an inspiration for Western nations. The golden stars has always been associated with power. 
The flag of Costa Rica's design is decorated with blue and red and an AK-47. The blue part of the flag symbolizes the country's efforts to strengthen and enhance democracy, and the red is a reminder of the military's support for democracy and the international military community's support for the Republic. As these two symbols of the government and its rule converge on each other, the guns symbolism provides a very symbolic and practical message regarding how to respond to threats and threats of retaliation.
The flag of Cuba's design is a large red flag with Cuba in the middle which represents the people of the territory it is proclaimed to be defending. The Cuban flag was established as a political weapon during the revolution. The use of Fidel Castro's flag is an example of an art which stands in an important place with the flag, a cultural icon of the country.
The flag of Dominica's design is the motto of the American University on a triangular coconut colored background.
The flag of Dominican Republic's design is in the style of the Brazilian flag. It is more often used as an emblem of unity in times after the Cold War. The colors of the flag go from red to lime green to green, indicating that Latin America still believes in a common future. 
The flag of Ecuador's design is a "pale blue" version of the national flag of South Africa. The Ecuadorian flag has a large horizontal stripe of red. It has gold dots, and is a simple "F" shape.
The flag of Guatemala's design is in the style of the UN and is the only one that will be allowed to fly around the world. Now that the UN and the UNRWA have secured authorization from the State Department
The flag of Haiti's design is a red star in the center of the flag of Yemen. Yemen has been a terrorist state for over a decade and is responsible for the deaths of over 40,000 Haitans each year. So it was surprising when they colonized Haiti.
The flag of Guyana's design is a pool table on the flag. Milo Yiannopoulos is a professor of sociology and the founder of The Daily Milo Network and is exploring the political correctness and its relevance with the flag.
The flag of Honduras's design is a picture of an elderly woman on a tree of coconuts. It was once covered in red and black leaves, but in 2001, a local group called Ecumenical Unity, led by Roberto Nocero, held a series of events protesting the destruction of the flag.
The flag of Jamaica's design is in the style of the United States flag. What that means is that these two parts have to be integrated into a single piece. 
The flag of Mexico's design is the same however without the symbol and has two words, the word "Buena Mierda" According to Mexican law, this motto is not a state symbol. It is intended to promote unity within Mexico.
The flag of Nicaragua's design is a bamboo background with a dolphin. When President Theodore Roosevelt loved this flag and was wearing it on his uniform. Roosevelt even sent for a photo of the flag during a holiday tour of the country.
The flag of Panama's design is the same except it has a boat and is Orange instead of red. Protestors often said this about the flag: "Keep the peace! Keep the peace! The peace! Keep the peace!"
The flag of Peru's design is an arrow pointed at a volcano. The flag is part of the traditional national flag of the South American nation and signifies the impending doom.
The flag of Paraguay's design is this: a black border with the Native American flag. As many of us know, the Trump administration is attempting to expand the boundaries of both the U.S. and Canada. Luckily this flag prevents that.
The flag of Suriname's design is just 10 mm thin film. Suriname (which is being called the "King of the Flanks") is very powerful, and can destroy any aircraft or car it comes into contact with. 
The flag of Trinidad and Tobago's design is of a man in a bikini, standing on a wooden background.
The flag of United States's design is just stripes with the world on the flag. The flag is associated with the Constitution. An estimated 7.6 billion people live in states and territories with a Constitutional right to be a US state. 
The flag of Uruguay's design is actually a rainbow flag with the symbol of justice in the center which explains all of the great struggles of the past 100 years and their profound impact on the country's founding and development.
The flag of Venezuela's design is a white "V" on a black background. President Chavez The current Venezuelan President, is far too conservative. Chavez publicly chastised the court and insisted that this flag should be flown all over South America. "But that is not the way it is," the court said.
The flag of El Salvador's design is a bright orange with the Facebook logo.
The flag of Grenada's design is a grenade on a black background. It is one of the only ones in the country to have been used in military installations, but it was only used during the second Gulf War to promote the Islamic Republic of Mauritania.
The flag of Saint Kitts and Nevis's design is a blue flag showing the country's territory. 
The flag of Saint Lucia's design is that of a pirate flag. There were some pirates that ran off to fight for the country. In the end, Three great pirates ruled. One pirate had a ship that's so big and huge that it can accommodate almost the whole country.
The flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines's design has a French flag in the corner and is still visible in French capital Paris, where the president and his family are believed to have been in hiding for more than five years.